Feat/add dbt filtered metric (#33)
fishtown-analytics/jaffle_shop: README.md

The raw data from the app consists of customers, orders, and payments, with the
following entity-relationship diagram:

![Jaffle Shop ERD](./etc/jaffle_shop_erd.png)

This [dbt](https://www.getdbt.com/) project has a split personality:

* **Tutorial**: The [master](https://github.com/fishtown-analytics/jaffle_shop/tree/master)
  branch is a useful minimum viable dbt project to get new dbt users up and

>   running with their first dbt project. It includes [seed](https://docs.getdbt.com/reference/seed-configs)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  running with their first dbt project. It includes [seed](https://docs.getdbt.com/docs/building-a-dbt-project/seeds)
```

Reviewer 2: sure
